welcome to thriller recapped today i
will show you an american psychological
mind-bending thriller film called inheritance
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
this movie is about a wealthy and powerful
political family based in new york city
after the sudden death of protagonist's father
she is in search of some answers and dark secrets
are revealed that can ruin everything they've ever
gained the movie starts in new york city where we
see lauren monroe she is a very famous lawyer and
she goes to courtroom after the morning walk there
we see her turning down a million dollar case just
because she does not want to defend a criminal
she is considered as a lawyer who always stands
and fights for the people not for the money
then we see archer monroe a wealthy businessman he
is having difficulties in breathing as he walks in
woods then we see willian monroe he is the younger
brother of lauren and he is a young politician
and he wants to be the mayor of the city outside
the courtroom we see a news reporter asking lauren
that they just got the news that her father
passed away in their family's summer house
she is in a huge shock later we see catherine
monroe mother of lauren and william monroe
and we see scott husband of lauren and they have
a daughter attending the funeral few hours later
william and lauren are talking about their
dad and william says dad was proud of you
however she sadly says it is beginning at the
end then she goes to her dad's office room and
recalls how he used to teach her to play chess as
a game of life and plan 10 moves ahead before you
even make one move then we see harold their
family attorney he is there to announce the
will of her dad in the will it is mentioned that
katherine is now made ceo of their family business
william is given 20 million dollars and
strangely lauren is only given 1 million
and the rest of 50 million dollars are
donated to police and medicine school
later he privately gives her a package and says it
is only for her she then opens it and finds a usb
stick along with a pair of keys in which she sees
a video her father made he tells her that he loves
her then he says that the truth must stay buried
in the woods till she dies and he apologizes
later scott stops her and he wants to talk
to her but she says she needs some time alone
she then walks in an isolated area in middle of
woods near their house she then comes across a
surface that looks like an entrance to something
it has a lock on it so she opens it with a key
and there are stairs in it and she goes
inside that bunker the place has a storage
area as well then she opens a door there is man
tied up she bravely checks on him and he moves
scared from all this she runs from there
in sports mode she calms herself down and
tries to look normal as she enters the house she
calls 9-1-1 but then she says it was a mistake
her brother feels bad about the money distribution
so he decides to share but she denies it
she then speaks to her mom her mom says her dad
was proud of her even if he never said it she asks
if her dad had any enemies her mom says he was not
a saint but she don't need to worry about it later
that night scott tries to talk to her again but
she says she still needs some time alone and she
sends their daughter as well later she grabs
her childhood picture in flashback we see her
dad telling her to take court case of their rich
friends but she says she will not defend criminals
next morning she takes a gun and she
decides to go in the bunker again
her phone has no service in there she then sees
the man sleeping she takes his prints while he
is sleeping he opens his eyes and she leaves from
there few hours later she comes back with a mask
and asks for his name he says he likes masks
we see a line drawn in the room he then says
show me your face lauren elizabeth monroe and
he tells her details like the day she was born
name of her brother details about her husband
that she was forced to marry and he mentions
her daughter as well and then he asks her take off
the mask she asks him who he is and he says he is
like a family member after all these years he then
says her dad must be dead since she reached there
she speculates that he must have done something to
be there he asks her if she has any moral values
or she is just like her dad she wants to know
about him in return he says he wants the juiciest
steak on earth with potatoes and caesar salad
along with goldwater cigarettes and some chocolate
a newspaper with 30-year-old bottle of scotch
making up for 30 years that he has been captive
there and a slice of key lime pie he also wants
to shave she threatens him that she can walk
away and let him rot there however he replies
that your conscience will not let you do it
she gives him a razor from the shelf and
he asks to leave the lights on since her
father used to give him light for only one hour
a day she then leaves she then goes back to home
she scans the prints and sends a voicemail
to their family friend detective emilio
sanchez asking him to run a check on it as soon as
possible after she gathers all the things the guy
asked for she gets a call from scott she tells
him she is doing well and she needs some space
she then gives the guy all things he asked for
and he smells the steak then starts eating the
food enjoying it with tears of joy she wants to
know about the truth but he starts laughing and
she leaves she then comes back few hours later and
brings him a chocolate bar and a bottle of scotch
he gets emotional when he sees the chocolate bar
he says her dad would bring chocolate once a year
for him and give him one square piece of it and
he used to put the bar on shelf to taunt him along
with the pictures he took of him she then opens
the box and finds pictures of him from every year
he then introduces himself as morgan warner
and he grabs her hand then he apologizes by
saying it's been long he had human contact he then
tells his story 30 years ago he met archer they
had same taste of money gambling and women then
they became business partners he says one night
they had few drinks an archer was driving and they
ran over someone on road they killed a pedestrian
he wanted to call police but archer said if
there's no body there's no crime archer insisted
that they cover up the crime so archer buried it
but morgan was against it then archer attacked him
and knocked him out and brought him to the bunker
he begged to kill him but archer didn't do it
since he was afraid and he didn't let him
go as well that morgan will go to cops
then morgan claims archer has an affair with
a woman called sofia she is everything that
catherine couldn't be lauren does not believe
so he gives her the address of her house
and asks her to check it by herself and also
to ask harold the family attorney about it
since he knew about it as well lauren rages up
and she leaves she obviously cannot process all
this and still calms herself down and she calls
the detective to check on the man morgan warner
meanwhile we can see morgan working
out and reading the newspaper
later shiraj to the address and asked to meet
sofia soon she meets sofia and she invites her in
and she asks why she came there sofia tells her
that she met her father in a poker game she then
looks at a picture and realizes her dad even
has a son with her at this point we can say that
lauren is in shock again about the parallel
life her dad was living and she breaks down
later she goes to harold and tells him that he
is a snake in the grass she mentions sofia but he
says it's his job to keep secrets she asks to know
more secrets he says nothing that can harm you
he then says there are things that he will hide
till he goes to grave and he asks her to walk
away later she meets her mom they all seem to be
preparing for the election campaign of william
she asks him about morgan warner but her mom
cannot recall anything then william shows up
he says that he is losing some polls and wants
her to come to the rally since she is a famous
attorney who has an image of being good she agrees
she then goes to see morgan and she asks him why
he didn't mention the sun he says he wanted her
to suffer when she knows about it herself she
asks him if he knows anything else he says he
knows everything since her father used to come
to him and confess everything that the bad husband
he was she asks him about the body of pedestrian
he says he does not know the direction but he
wants his freedom if he takes her there they agree
she then takes him outside he looks at
the sky and starts to laugh out of joy
he says he even missed the scene of earth and he
thanks her scott calls her he asks her why she is
ghosting him and their daughter she apologizes
and hangs up she then starts driving and he
gives her the directions like offline maps
and they go to the exact path upon arrival
he walks a bit and takes her to the spot
and tells her the body is buried here
she starts digging morgan starts smoking
after a while she comes across a human skull
her fears came true and she starts
hiding it again just like her father
then they leave she takes him to the bunker again
and asks him to put the collar back she now has
second thoughts he begs that he haven't seen her
mother he even didn't speak to her since 30 years
she says she is not the one who is responsible
he says you can fix it she then says that she
didn't volunteer for this he begs to her and
then he says you are just like your father
he promises that he won't say it to anyone
not even cops he will just vanish and spend
the remaining years of his life in peace she says
i'm sorry and she steps back and she leaves later
she calls the detective to find the information
of morgan warner but they don't have the file
there and it will take few days to get the hard
copy of the file the next day she goes to harold
aggressively he says stop asking questions you
don't want to hear answers to and asks her to
walk away she then goes to william she asks him
for some advice she says it's for one of the cases
in court she asked him what he would have done if
a guy knew all the secrets and he is harmed to you
he replies either dump his body in
the river or pay him off and walk away
later she goes back to bunker with a bag he asks
her to do the right thing she wants him to vanish
he says he was in this prison for more time than
she is alive then they agree she gives him the
keys she then goes to harold and asks for 100
000 cash and a private jet to fly off a person
to cayman islands he asks for a reason she says
she can't tell him if you don't have a choice
later we see morgan in his new look she asks
him what her dad told him about her he says
he was proud of her but he didn't like
that she is going after his rich friends
he says at least he didn't buy the union reps she
is surprised then she goes to william and she asks
him if he paid off union reps he says there is
no evidence she is against the bribery he says
their father even bribed people so she can be a
district attorney and she gives him a batman slap
and she leaves later morgan takes one piece
from chess as a memory and they leave the
bunker outside he enjoys his freedom and makes
a prayer for the time he lost of his life
they arrived to the private jet she apologizes for
everything and he thanks her harold gives him new
ids and 100 000 in cash and an account number
with 1 million dollars then they get ready to
leave later she goes back to the bunker and
she starts putting all the stuff in trash
then we see detective sending the hard copy of
the file in which the fingerprint match was found
earlier when lauren took fingerprints
of morgan and sent it for verification
while cleaning she comes across to a bottle
of poison then she comes out and she goes to
the house her mother open the package and she
asks her why she has picture of carson thomas
lauren thought he was morgan and tells her mom
that her dad kept that man in their backyard
for 30 years locked up catherine says this
man is pure evil lauren says she let him go
she then goes to see harold but finds out that
the jet is still there and she finds his dead
body with the chess piece the guy took she then
goes to her house and her mom is no longer there
she then goes back to the bunker
and finds her they're unconscious
carson turns off the light he says he lived
in darkness and his ears got adjusted to it
he then attacks her he then ties her up carson
says he injected archer with the poison he gave
to him to kill himself then he found lauren coming
in so he pretended like a stray dog and helpless
he says her brother would have thrown away the key
but she is not like them catherine wakes up and
she tells her what happened that night he gave
her a pill and he forced himself on her archer
came there and he took him then he ran over a
pedestrian then archer buried the body and brought
carson to the bunker so he can make him suffer he
then slaps catherine lauren says she is willing
to testify for him however he wants revenge and
wants them to rot there and know what he survived
he then reveals that he is the biological father
of lauren she rages up and attacks him catherine
takes the gun and she shoots him in the head then
they both pour gasoline throughout the bunker and
set it on fire destroying all the evidence of
carson's captivity then the movie ends let me
know what you think about the movie also please
like and subscribe it really helps the channel